DAS-2330 - Updated HOSS tests for maskfill dimension order changes (#155)
nasa/harmony-regression-tests: CHANGELOG.md

of regression tests that are each semi-independent.  This CHANGELOG file should be used
to document pull requests to this repository.

### 2025-03-20 ([#155](https://github.com/nasa/harmony-regression-tests/pull/155))

> - Updated and renamed reference files in hoss test cases for SMAP L3 test cases

Reviewer: This is public facing, so this should be a complete sentence and have proper punctuation.  
```suggestion
- Updated and renamed reference files in HOSS test cases to reflect SMAP L3 maskfill spatial subsetting changes.
```

Author: updated
